hi this is motto in this video I will
show you the game between Afghani Malala
chenko and Michael Gerson : this game is
very in Turkey 2004 Meera Shanna chenko
headlight pieces and he started Knight
to f3 casino plated c-56 Syrian
invitation Madras mischenko paid g3 why
I said Sicilian invitation if mineral
snitch anko played efore we will have
transposition to Sicilian defense we
helped the g3 Knight to c6 Bishop 2 G 2
G 6 Minos luchenko Castle kingside
Bishop to g7 + d3 Knight f6 c3 Kazuko
Castle kingside a three-way mirrors the
chain who is preparing before E 5 before
E for attacking the knight D takes on e4
Knight takes e4 Knight and Bishop are
attacking the pawn on c3 how to defend
Millis the chang who had very
interesting the plan in mind he played
the covina to defy sacrificing the pawn
Knight takes pawn Knight takes Knight
Bishop takes Knight attacking the rook
what now how should provide continued
rook to be banned all there is a better
move what would you do Mirage mischenko
played Bishop to g5 attacking the Queen
f6 can be played pawn is pinned Queen to
be eight and now this is interesting
I believe that most people would play
Luke but to Savannah Mitchell's like a
very natural move what do you think hope
to see one in the game we have a queen
they explored c5 sacrificing the rook
let's look at the natural move if Brooke
from 8 to Savannah then Saint takes only
for a Texan before perhaps Bishop to be
too old to see for black is opponent but
behind the development let's go back to
our game in the game mirror Shashank I
decided to sacrifice the exchange
he played Queen takes pawn on c5 Bishop
takes rook rook takes Bishop mmm this is
interesting
black is better materially but behind
the development and has a problem on
dark squares around hips King Queen 26
if black can activate Bishop and rook he
will be winning look to the van rook to
e8 route to the six attacking the Queen
and sacrificing the porn only to Queen
takes pawn Knight to Bishop to f6 rook
to e6 way to move out now Mirage the
chenko played b5 rook takes rook Queen
takes rook Queen takes pawn on d5
meaning one more pawn Knight to g5 Queen
to be one check Bishop to f1 Queen it to
even it is vitam over they have reached
the critical position of the game what
would you do in this position if you had
by pieces please pause the video and try
to find the best move for white are you
ready
what did you find Milosh Michiko
sacrificed the night on h7
did you see the small black the
open-class incorporated greener tui late
what happens if the King thinks night
how do you think white would continue
now then between them to have faith and
help to stop checkmate random move into
g7 checkmate so in the game we have a
queen to e8 Queen to f4 it looks like
that white meat is coming to h6 and then
the check wait Knight to e7 preparing to
meet the Queen to h6 net Knight to f5
for example if 326 then Knight to a5 and
after clean 2396 black will continue to
fight so how should a wife continued
Anna what is the best move for white in
this position
mirrors mischenko played Bishop to c3
black designed
why he'd write night - five
what do you think
because of night to have six check
working if the king and the Queen hmm
interesting game isn't it did you notice
that black rook and black light square
bishop did those participate in the game
what do you think of this game did you
find the killer move it move of the 22
in this position if you did
congratulations
and that is all I hope that you enjoyed
watching this video I wish you good luck
with your chess and bye for now